README.md, before:

# babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top

[![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url]
[![Test coverage][coveralls-image]][coveralls-url]
[![Dependency Status][david_img]][david_site]

> Move comments to top of the file

## Install

```sh
$ npm install babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top
```

## Usage

.babelrc:

```json
{
  "plugins": ["transform-move-comments-to-top"]
}
```

## License

MIT © [C.T. Lin](https://github.com/chentsulin)

[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/chentsulin/babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top.svg
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/chentsulin/babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top
[coveralls-image]: https://coveralls.io/repos/chentsulin/babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github
[coveralls-url]: https://coveralls.io/r/chentsulin/babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top?branch=master
[david_img]: https://david-dm.org/chentsulin/babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top.svg
[david_site]: https://david-dm.org/chentsulin/babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top

Commit message:

Added Caveats section to readme

README.md, after:

# babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top

[![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url]
[![Test coverage][coveralls-image]][coveralls-url]
[![Dependency Status][david_img]][david_site]

> Move comments to top of the file

## Install

```sh
$ npm install babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top
```

## Usage

.babelrc:

```json
{
  "plugins": ["transform-move-comments-to-top"]
}
```

# Caveats

#### plugins will execute after presets

`transform-move-comments-to-top` may not works when mixing it with other presets and plugins.

```
{
  "presets": ["es2015"],
  "plugins": ["transform-move-comments-to-top"]
}
```

A possible solution is doing another transform using `transform-move-comments-to-top`.

```sh
babel src -d lib && babel lib -d lib --plugins transform-move-comments-to-top
```

## License

MIT © [C.T. Lin](https://github.com/chentsulin)

[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/chentsulin/babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top.svg
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/chentsulin/babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top
[coveralls-image]: https://coveralls.io/repos/chentsulin/babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github
[coveralls-url]: https://coveralls.io/r/chentsulin/babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top?branch=master
[david_img]: https://david-dm.org/chentsulin/babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top.svg
[david_site]: https://david-dm.org/chentsulin/babel-plugin-transform-move-comments-to-top
